Q3.

A-1)A-1.The impact of stay-at-home orders due to COVID-19 on economic activity in a state can vary greatly depending on various factors, 
including the specific industries and businesses affected by the orders, the resources and support available to affected workers and businesses, 
and the overall state of the economy prior to the pandemic. In general, stay-at-home orders can result in decreased economic activity, 
as they often limit the ability of individuals and businesses to operate as usual and result in job losses, reduced consumer spending, 
and other economic challenges.
 However, the magnitude of these impacts will depend on the specific circumstances in each state and the effectiveness of government support and stimulus measures.










A-2)The outcome variable of interest would be the level of economic activity in a state before and after the implementation of stay-at-home orders due to COVID-19. The treatment would be the implementation of the stay-at-home order to determine its effect on state's economy.

There are several sources of selection or omitted-variable bias that could affect the validity of a causal inference from observational data:

Internal problem in treatment selection: Some states may have implemented stay-at-home orders earlier or later than others based on factors that are also associated with economic activity, such as the level of COVID-19 infections.

Nonrandom treatment assignment: Some states may have more strict enforcement of stay-at-home orders than others, which could affect the level of economic activity.

Confounding variables: Other factors that vary across states, such as the local economy, state policies, and consumer behavior, could affect both the implementation of stay-at-home orders and the level of economic activity.

Self-selection bias: Some individuals and businesses may have chosen to stay at home or close down even before the implementation of stay-at-home orders, which could affect the level of economic activity.

These biases suggest that direct comparisons of outcomes from observational data would not yield a good measure of the causal effect of stay-at-home orders on economic activity. 
"""To address these biases, alternative approaches such as natural experiments or randomized controlled trials may be needed to provide a more accurate estimate of the causal effect."""->need to look at it














B-1. The outcome variable of interest would be the number of clicks on a website.
The treatment would be the presence or absence of sponsored search advertising on Google.
In other words, the variable of interest would be the difference in number of clicks between the control group
(websites without sponsored search advertising) and the treatment group (websites with sponsored search advertising). 
The treatment can be considered as a binary variable, taking on the value of 1 for websites with sponsored search advertising and 0 for websites without.


B-2) The outcome variable of interest will be presence or absence of sponsored ads on google.The variable of interest
will be difference in number of clicks between 	the control group(websites with no sponsored search ads) and the 
treatment groups(websites with sponsored ads).

Selection-omitted variable bias-> sponsored search ads might be targeted to certain websites

websites that choose to invest in sponsored search ads on google may have different characteristics such as large budget,attractive
products ,different audience.

content of website also matters, popularity of ads and website might change due to various factors
 